pass tests/userprog/args-none
pass tests/userprog/args-single
pass tests/userprog/args-multiple
pass tests/userprog/args-many
pass tests/userprog/args-dbl-space
pass tests/userprog/create-empty
pass tests/userprog/create-long
pass tests/userprog/create-normal
pass tests/userprog/create-exists
pass tests/userprog/open-missing
FAIL tests/userprog/open-normal
pass tests/userprog/open-twice
FAIL tests/userprog/read-normal
FAIL tests/userprog/read-zero
FAIL tests/userprog/write-normal
FAIL tests/userprog/write-zero
FAIL tests/userprog/close-normal
FAIL tests/userprog/exec-once
FAIL tests/userprog/exec-multiple
FAIL tests/userprog/wait-simple
FAIL tests/userprog/wait-twice
